This example demonstrates how the `GeoJSON` component can be utilized to create an interactive choropleth map of the US population density. It is essentially a reproduction of the [interactive choropleth map](https://leafletjs.com/examples/choropleth/) in the Leaflet example gallery, but with a few tweaks. 

The custom legend control that visualizes the (categorical) color scale has been replaced by a Dash Leaflet `Colorbar` component. Be default, this component considers a continuous color scale, but the `categorical_colorbar` function from the express module enables easy access to categorical visualizations as well.

To illustrate how interactivity can be achieved via Dash, the info control (which shows feature details on hover) is now created in Python. The info is updated via a Dash callback that takes the `featureHover` property as a input. Similarly, the `GeoJSON` component also has `featureClick` property (though it is not used in the example). 

The feature styling can be controlled via the `defaultStyle` (one style, applied to all features) and the `featureStyle` (a dict of <id, style>, the style is applied to any features with a matching id) properties. For convenience, the express module offers a `geojson` constructor function which hides the id mapping step thus proving a Python interface more similar to the equivalent JavaScript object. 

Interactivity via Dash requires communication with the server, which means that a JavaScript implementation will typically be more responsive. Therefore, common interactivity patterns, such as zoom-on-click, change-style-on-hover and show-popup-on-click, have been implemented as part of the `GeoJSON` component. Hence, while it was necessary in the original Leaflet example to write explicit code to achieve these behaviors, in Dash Leaflet they can be achieved by setting the appropriate flags of the `defaultOptions` (all features) and/or `featureOptions` (per feature) properties.

NB: To run the example, you need to add the [data file](https://dash-leaflet.herokuapp.com/assets/us-states.json) and the [css file](https://dash-leaflet.herokuapp.com/assets/geojson.css) to the assets folder.